# Automation Testing with Selenium, TestNG, RestAssured and Extent Reports

# Project Overview

This automation project is designed to test the web App "SauceLabs" and rest API "https://restful-booker.herokuapp.com" . It automates essential features such as login, homepage navigation, search functionality and logout.

# Table of Contents

* [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
* [Setup](#setup)
* [Usage](#usage)
* [Test Execution](#test-execution)
* [Reports](#reports)

# Prerequisites

## Before you get started, make sure you have the following prerequisites:

* Java SDK
* Selenium WebDriver
* RestAssured Framework
* TestNG Framework
* Extent Reports

# Setup
## Follow these steps to set up your development environment:

1. Clone the repository:
    git -c http.sslVerify=false clone https://github.com/karthikrasamsetti/java_selenium.git
2. Navigate to the project directory:
    cd selenium_automation
3. Install the necessary dependencies:
    update the maven project
    mvn clean install.

# Usage

## To use this automation project effectively, follow these guidelines:

 * Write test cases in TestNG.
 * Organize your test suites logically.
 * Make your test cases independent and maintainable.
 * Use proper coding conventions and best practices.

# Test Execution

 To run tests, you can use the following commands:

 * mvn test -Dtest=TestClassName

# Reports

Access test reports generated by Extent Reports to gain insights into test results. The reports are available in the reports directory.
